1) CHSC Membership information
What are the different periods of memberships?
* We offer a 1-month, 3-month, 6-month, and annual memberships. 
* An annual membership is valid from July 01, 2023, through June 30, 2024. 
* There are 2 semis annual periods. The first spans from July 1st until Dec 31 of the same year and the second spans from Jan 1 until June 30th of the next year

Are the fees proratedin CHSC?
Yes, our fees are prorated for the remaining months of the period.
How can I apply for a CHSC membership?
* Start by visiting the AUB main page, then 
* select "A to Z" at the top of the page. 
* Next, click on "C" and choose "Charles Hostler" from the list. 
* Once on the CHSC page, go to the "Membership" section, select your category, and proceed with the application process.
Or simply click here (https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/sports/Pages/CHSC.aspx) to access the page
Does the membership allow me to use all the facilities?
Yes, it does. You are welcome to use the pool, Nadim Khalaf tennis courts, indoor basketball courts, fitness areas, greenfield, track, and the beach provided they are not reserved.
When should I apply?
The new month billing cycle begins on the 26th of each month for all categories. Kindly wait until after the 26th before joining or you will expect to be billed for the entire current month.
How do I pay for CHSC membership?
Monthly membership payment options include cash or online via Stripe. Please be aware that the payroll deduction plan is not currently active. If you apply through the CHSC platform, only the monthly memberships can be settled at the main desk.
Can a visiting staff apply for a membership?
Only people directly affiliated with AUB such as full-time research assistants, part-time faculty and staff, and visiting professors can benefit from the faculty and staff monthly rate
How can I apply if I am a guest?
To apply, a guest should be sponsored by a member of the AUB faculty or administrative staff.
Can I pay for a single entry?
Yes, you may however please be advised that the fee is per facility. Guests should be accompanied by a member of the AUB community unless they hold diplomatic status or are part of the international community.
Please click here (https://cms2.aub.edu.lb/SAO/sports/PublishingImages/Pages/SingleEntryFees/Single entry prices, 2023.pdf) to view the single-entry fees
How can alumni procure a username and password to access the membership portal page?
Please send an email to it.helpdesk@aub.edu.lb. Mention that you need credentials to log on to the membership platform and attach a copy of your AUB ID. In case it’s not available, include your AUB ID number in the mail. IT will provide you with a password. As for the username, it’s the same as the one you used when you were an active student.
What are the center’s operating hours?
Kindly click here (https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/sports/Pages/HoursOfOperation.aspx) to access the CHSC opening hours
Can I register my dependents?
Yes, you can register up to 4 dependents. A dependent is determined as the spouse and children of the applicant. 
Can I register my children if they are under 4?
No, we do not allow children 4 and under to subscribe or use the facilities
Can my dependent apply for a membership independently?
Dependents can apply independently from the main applicant. However, one of the dependents will pay the full amount of the membership
Can I add a dependent after having submitted an application?
If you wish to add a dependent when your membership is still active, please untick “Include Self”
Are students charged for using the center?
Membership is free to all active AUB students with a valid ID

2) CHSC Reimbursement Policy
Can I cancel a CHSC membership or freeze it?
Please note that the purchase of membership is final and non-refundable nor extendable. We encourage you to carefully consider your purchase before completing your transaction. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to reach out to our team who will be happy to assist you
Will I get reimbursed in case the center or any of the facilities close for maintenance or due to a force majeure?
The CHSC administration will not reimburse a membership if one or more of our facilities are closed for routine maintenance or because of a Force Majeure

3) CHSC Facility Access
Are the facilities available at all times?
CHSC members will have access to all of the facilities at times when they are available for general use and in accordance with the established policy of the CHSC and the Priority Use of Facility.  It should be understood that the gymnasium, the Nadim Khalaf Tennis Courts, the Greenfield, and the pool, may not be available for general membership use, primarily in the evening after 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. (except in summer months) due to students' programs.
What are the center’s operating hours?
Please click here (https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/sports/Pages/HoursOfOperation.aspx) to access the operating hours page. 
When does AUB beach open?
Usually, it opens from early June to mid-October. 

4) CHSC Parking Access
Am I entitled to use the parking space?
Parking spaces are only available to annual and semi-annual members | Mon to Fri after 5:00 PM, Sat and Sun all day if the parking opens)

5) Varsity general information
How can I join a varsity team?
At the beginning of each term, we invite the AUB students for tryouts. We send the invitation by mail. We ask you to fill out a Google Form. Coaches test applicants on different skills during the tryouts
Can I join more than 1 team?
Yes, you can but please take into consideration your academic calendar and the fact that practices and games might overlap
Do you provide the material and equipment?
In most cases we do. However, you need to bring your own racquets for tennis, table tennis, archery (bows), badminton, and your goggles, pull buoy, and kickboard in swimming.
Can I still participate in a varsity team if I am older than 25 years old?
No, the Federation rules dictate that you must be born before October 1 
Can Graduate and postgraduate students join a varsity team?
Yes, they can, provided they are under 25 when the season kicks off
If I graduate in the fall, can I still compete with my team during spring of the same academic year?
Yes, you may.
If I was not accepted into a team during one term, can I still undergo tryouts the next?
Yes, you may.

6) Athletic Scholarships
Does AUB Athletics offer an athletic scholarship?
We offered 3 athletic scholarships last season, 2 presidential and 1 distinguished athlete. The difference is that the Presidential scholarship entails leadership skills.
Who is eligible to apply for Athletic Scholarships?
Any athlete who is in his senior high school year and who possesses stellar athletic abilities.
When do I apply for Athletic Scholarships?
Kindly follow us on our social media platform to learn our news and announcements