1- Student Orientation and Welcome Email

question: I am a new student and I still have not received the Welcome Email and information regarding orientation. What do I do?
Answer: Each new AUB student receives a welcome email when s/he pays the confirmation fee and confirms their enrollment online based on the instructions provided in the acceptance email.
For undergraduate related matters, please contact the Admissions Office at admissions@aub.edu.lb.
For graduate related matters, please contact the Admissions Office at grad-admissions@aub.edu.lb.


question: How do I follow the Orientation Program steps and dates?
answer: Click on this link https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/Pages/New-Student-Orientation.aspx? to check the virtual New Student Orientation webpage for additional details about the steps to follow and the orientation program.

question: I am an international degree seeking, visiting or exchange student. Is there any specific information I need to be aware of? answer: The Office of International Programs (OIP) supports all international students before they arrive to AUB and once they are on campus. International students are encouraged to attend OIP’s sessions for relevant information. Refer to OIP’s Accepted Students’ website here(https://www.aub.edu.lb/oip/internationals/Pages/accepted.aspx?). If you have any questions, please contact OIP at oip@aub.edu.lb.

question: I am a graduate student, what are the sections of the orientation that I should attend?
answer: All graduate new students must take the modules in the orientation program that appeared for them on Moodle. Also, follow the Graduate Council orientation program(this is the link to their website: https://www.aub.edu.lb/graduatecouncil/Pages/default.aspx? and visit website the Graduate Council’s webpage.


2- AUBsis and AUBnet Account

question: How do I activate my AUBnet and email account?
answer: The first steps for activating your AUBnet and email account are presented in this link: https://www.aub.edu.lb/Registrar/Documents/newstudents/221212Welcomeinstructions.pdf?. For assistance when facing technical problems, please feel free to contact IT Service Desk at
it.helpdesk@aub.edu.lb or by visiting the IT Service Desk Portal(this is the link for the IT Service Desk Portal: https://servicedesk.aub.edu.lb/TDClient/1398/Portal/Home/?ID=ac748dfb-de0c-4142-8f47-8426c985ff84?).


How do I access my AUBsis account?
You access all AUBsis services using your AUBnet account. Use your AUBnet username and password to access AUBsis services such as “Student Profile” and “Course Registration” under the AUBsis portal(this is the link of the AUBsis portal: https://www.aub.edu.lb/Pages/AUBSIS.aspx?).

3- Course Registration and Advising
question: Where do I find information about registration?
answer: You should consult the Fall Registration Guide here (https://www.aub.edu.lb/Registrar/Documents/2023registguidefall.pdf?) because it will answer most of your questions.

question: I am facing a problem, and I am not able to identify the Course Registration Time Ticket on AUBsis, what do I do?
answer: For this and similar course registration related matters, you can reach out to the Office of the Registrar by sending an email to registration@aub.edu.lb indicating your full name and ID number, and attaching a screenshot of the problem.

question: When and how can I meet my academic adviser(s)?
answer: Each student will be assigned an academic adviser from their departments faculties/schools, whose responsibility is to support students in their academic related program and activities. The advisers are introduced in the academic and faculty orientation section of the Orientation Moodle course. Please check the orientation program for additional details and make sure to attend your faculty/school orientation sessions to meet your faculty members and advisers.
Check this link(https://www.aub.edu.lb/Registrar/Documents/newstudents/221212Welcomeinstructions.pdf?) and follow the steps to identify your primary adviser.


question: How can I get my alternate PIN?
answer: It is essential to have the alternate PIN before the course registration date. Generally, your adviser provides the alternate PIN, once he/she meets with you to discuss your academic courses and program. Each faculty/school may have different procedures in this regard and therefore it is important to attend your academic and faculty orientation session for additional information.
For further information, check your academic and faculty orientation session according to the orientation program, and the Moodle section pertaining to your faculty/school. Please note that the Office of the Registrar does not have your alternate PIN.


4- Test Scores and School Equivalence

question: I have questions regarding the Arabic Exemption form, Math placement tests, and AUB-EN test inquiries. Whom do I ask?
answer: For information related to Arabic Exemption, please contact Mr. Abdallah Ghannam on ag33@aub.edu.lb. The deadline to finalize this process (if applicable in your case) is before you register for courses.
For inquiries related to the AUB-EN test, please contact admissions@aub.edu.lb. The deadline for submitting test scores to satisfy the English language proficiency requirement (RUSE) before
you register for courses.

question: I have to submit my school grades/equivalence transcript. When is the deadline?
answer: You must submit all official documents required to complete your admissions file to the Office of Admissions before your register for courses. These documents are listed in the letter of admission and/or acceptance email sent to you previously. If you still did not meet the English language requirements, please check the next AUB-EN registration dates today and arrange to take the required tests.
For undergraduate related matters, contact the Admissions Office at admissions@aub.edu.lb.
For graduate related matters, contact the Admissions Office at grad-admissions@aub.edu.lb


5- Tuition Fees Payment Methods and Financial Aid
question: How do I pay my tuition fees?
answer: The tuition fees will appear on the AUBsis web statement of fees once you have registered for your full courses. Print the web statement of fees from your AUBsis, and refer to the Payment
Back to the Table of Content Module in the Orientation Moodle course for the different methods of payment. Please note that payment of fees by Credit Cards or Travelers Cheques are currently not accepted and can only be made in fresh USD. For any additional inquiries regarding the payment of tuition fees, kindly contact jm52@aub.edu.lb or ab57@aub.edu.lb.


question: I would like to apply for financial aid, how could I do so?
answer: AUB has a strong financial aid program to assist its many able and qualified students who could not otherwise meet the cost of tuition. AUB believes that financial considerations should not
become barriers to quality education for students who meet our academic criteria. Around 80 percent of students who apply for financial aid at AUB receive such assistance.
You can check announcements, deadlines, and procedures on the Office of Financial Aid webpage.


6- Health and Benefits
question: I have to submit the medical form to University Health Services (UHS), what is the procedure and is there a deadline to do so?
answer: All new students are required to submit a complete medical record form online, including vaccination records, to the University Health Services (UHS). The entrance medical record should
be submitted before August 18, 2023.
Online submission of the medical record: Please DOWNLOAD the Entrance Student Medical Record Form from this link http://www.aubmc.org.lb/clinical/FM/Documents/student_medica_record.pdf.
The form should be completed by your personal physician or a physician at the Family Medicine clinics at AUBMC. Remember to take your vaccination record with you to the physician’s visit. Activate your AUBnet account. Complete the necessary information including immunization and other medical history filled by your physician using the link: http://uhs.aub.edu.lb and upload the form. You can scan or take a snapshot of the filled form using your phone. Make sure the document is readable. If the submitted form is declined by UHS, an automatic email will be sent to the concerned student. The student will be responsible for updating the vaccination with the personal physician and resubmitting it. For more information, please contact the University Health Services at http://www.aubmc.org.lb/clinical/FM/Pages/main/UHS.aspx or at 01350000 ext. 7822 or 3017 from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm– Monday until Friday.


question: I want to enroll in HIP (Health Insurance Plan). What do I need to be able to do so?
answer: Health insurance coverage is mandatory for all students (2nd class) who are, during their years of study at AUB,
• Registered for at least six credits, new or continuing, or
• Registered for thesis within two consecutive years, or
• PhD students.


question: Is there a specific insurance card for HIP?
answer: Your AUB ID can be used as a proof for insurance.

question: I would like to request an HIP (Health Insurance Plan) exemption. What do I need to do?
answer: The HIP exemption deadlines for Fall 2023-24 are between August 9 to September 22, 2023.
Expect to receive an email from the HIP office for more details.

7- Student Life
question: What are the non-academic areas that are available for the students to get involved in the student life?
answer: The Office of Student Affairs (OSA)(this is the link to their page https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/Pages/default.aspx) supports students in engaging in an active campus life, promoting student health and wellness, and providing learning support and success. Through its
different units and programs, OSA ensures a diverse and inclusive environment, promotes positive interactions, provides career counseling and support, as well as physical and mental health care to help AUB students expand their experience and begin a lifetime journey of growth and self-exploration.


question: How do I apply for student housing?
answer: AUB offers its students the opportunity to live in its residence halls and share a rich community life on its beautiful campus.
Students wishing to live in the student housing facilities must complete an online application and submit it before the assigned deadline via AUBsis. The application is submitted via one of the 3
phases:
Phase 1: Fall and Spring of each Academic Year
Phase 2: Spring term (for new housing applicants only)
Phase 3: Summer term (for summer applicants only)
Click on this link https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/housing/Pages/default.aspx for more details.


question: How do I apply for work-study?
answer: The work-study program not only helps students financially but also can develop career-related skills and experience. Our students contribute to their educational expenses while also developing job skills through working with faculty and administration in various campus offices and the Medical Center.
Please check this link https://www.aub.edu.lb/SAO/Pages/Work-Study-Program.aspx for more information on how to apply, eligibility criteria, pay rates, and the
process of work and payments.
