FAQ

1.	Who is eligible for counseling services?

Degree-seeking students enrolled in AUB are eligible for the free service offered by the Counseling Center. 

2.	In what ways can counseling help me?
Counseling helps you discover more about yourself, your experiences, goals, and problems.  Counseling is tailored on a personal basis, as a result, the counselor modifies the sessions in ways that help suit your needs.  Counseling can help you learn how to cope in a healthy manner, identify your way of thinking, and effective problem-solving.

3.	How do I know I need counseling?

* Difficulty concentrating and lack of motivation to perform minimal daily tasks
* Social isolation and spending too much time alone with minimal productivity
* Feeling anxious, unhappy, angry, sad, irritable, and/or hopeless
* Problems with sleep cycle (disrupted cycles, insomnia, or hypersomnia)
* Unusual eating habits 
* Communication difficulties
* Addiction
* Dealing with a traumatic event
* Identity and Sexual Identity

4.	If I have a learning difficulty and I am in need of certain accommodation, where should I seek help?

For matters pertaining to academic accommodations please contact the Accessible Education Office (accessibility@aub.edu.lb), located in West Hall – 3rd floor, ext.3151.

5.	How long does counseling take?

The counseling center primarily offers a short-term model of care but the number and frequency of sessions is based on your individual needs. 

6.	Are sessions confidential?

Counselors will not disclose any information without the clients' consent. Threat to one's life or others is the only exception.

7.	What happens – expectations for the first session?


It is usually a short session in which you can meet and get acquainted with your counselor, as well as share your concerns on a level that feels comfortable for you.

8.	How to Schedule an appointment?

Appointments are scheduled through the online application.

9.	Do I have to wait a long time to get an appointment?

The Counseling Center at AUB is for free and easily accessible; as a result, it attracts a high number of students. This makes it difficult to attend to all needs without a waiting period. Kindly, keep in mind that the Counseling Center is doing its best to meet the needs of all who seek help, while making sure it maintains the quality of the service offered.

10.	How long is a counseling session?

Sessions are a minimum of 15 minutes and a maximum of 45 minutes. 

11.	What if I have an emergency? Do I still need to schedule an appointment?

No, in case of an emergency you need to come to the Counseling Center and explain to the Counselor present that the issue at hand cannot wait.



